Now, for a little more terminology.
We say that a valid sentence is one that is
true in every possible model for
every combination of values of the propositional symbols,
and a satisfiable sentence is one
that is true in some model and not necessarily in all the models.
So what I want you to do is tell me,
for each of these sentences,
whether it is valid,
satisfiable but not valid, or unsatisfiable.
In other words, false for all models.
And the sentences are,
P or not P,
P and not P, P or Q,
or P is equivalent to Q,
P implies Q, or Q implies P,
and finally, food implies party,
or drinks implies party,
implies food and drinks implies party.